You'll support me?
We don't need to rush.
Are you out of your mind?
We can take it slow.
Get off.
We can take our time.
Qiqi.
Scoot over a bit.
I haven't gotten in yet, Qiqi.
You look kinda familiar to me.
I believe Wang Ping.
He did love me.
That's why he bought insurance in advance.
So that I could collect the payout.
I invested that money.
What I earned
was enough for the rest of my life.
If only life
could've stayed this peaceful forever.
Then why did you marry Wang Kechen?
I guess I was just starved for love.
This pigeon looks good.
Try some.
Alright, alright.
Your favorite.
This one
is made by the old Cantonese chef here.
Have a taste.
Good, right?
Delicious.
I'm telling you, their Cantonese food
is really exceptional.
Whether it was Qian Peng
or Wang Ping,
I truly loved them both.
If only my days
could've stayed peaceful.
Until I met Wang Kechen.
He was witty and funny,
and really understood women.
When he was courting me,
he'd buy me anything I wanted.
I left home young,
so I deeply yearned for a family.
It's kind of funny,
but I love the smell of kerosene.
He scoured the whole city
to find me an old kerosene lamp.
I said I wanted to get married,
and he gave me a huge diamond ring.
He even threw me
a magnificent wedding.
A top-tier man like that,
what woman could possibly resist?
If you loved him so much,
why did you want him dead?
There's a saying.
I wonder if you two have heard it.
The dopamine rush of love
lasts only three to six months.
After that, it slowly fades away.
Wang Kechen was special.
When you didn't love him,
his love would surge.
But the moment you fell for him,
his fading phase would begin.
Then he'd slowly fall for someone else.
Your assessment
is fairly objective.
Everyone thinks
I married him for money.
But I'm the one he loves most now.
Don't worry.
I lost interest in him long ago.
If you have the time,
you'd better deal with
that womanizing husband of yours.
You married him
for the money, didn't you?
Don't tell me it was for true love.
I suggest you just get over it.
For money, you'd naturally tolerate it all.
But I...
All I wanted was love and security.
He took me...
He took me to his old flame's resort
to celebrate our anniversary.
It was an insult to me.
I endured it.
Right in front of me,
he chased after pretty young girls.
I endured that too.
But he said I
was just a passing phase in his life,
and he'd leave all his money to his daughter.
I couldn't take it anymore.
I was completely done with him.
I switched out his medication.
Whenever his condition flared up,
it would look like an accidental death,
having nothing to do with me.
You had so many other choices,
yet you picked the worst one.
I had no family to fall back on.
I was just a pawn that hadn't crossed the river.
No support, no way back.
I could only rely on myself.
What you've always wanted
is simply a sense of security.
But that can only be found within.
When you seek it from outside,
it's all in vain.
Love is just one part of life,
not all of it.
Everyone understands this.
But who
can actually live by it?
I believe everything you've said is true.
But you're still hiding one thing.
According to our investigation,
when you met Wang Kechen,
Wang Ping was still alive.
Was his death really an accident,
or was there more to it?
Officer Qin,
You saw right through
my little tricks.
So I'll just tell the truth.
That's right.
When I met Wang Kechen,
my heart was already wandering.
I was set on leaving Wang Ping.
Who would've thought
he'd end up bringing about his own death?
For me,
it was at most
failing to save him.
For so-called love,
you'd disregard a life?
Yes.
That's the kind of person I am.
Tell them
I'm willing to donate my kidney
to my brother.
Boss Bai, don't you worry.
I'll reason with Qiqi.
I'll get you two reconciled in no time.
It's not Qiqi I'm worried about.
The resort is finished.
That can't be true.
How many days without any income?
Who would vacation at a place
where people keep dropping dead?
The papers are full of it now.
Our rooms are all empty.
The resort can't hold on much longer.
If the resort goes under,
I'll have no choice but to shut it down.
Then what do we do?
I...
I just became general manager!
Honey-trap rings aren't just two people.
Do you have any handlers or accomplices?
If I rat someone out,
can it count
towards a reduced sentence?
Of course.
The more you confess,
the better it'll be for you.
Actually, A-Qiang and I
didn't start out doing this.
A-Qiang got into gambling
and ran up loan-shark debts.
There's this guy named Ma Xiaojun
who forced us into the honey-trap scam.
That guy...
he's vicious.
I also heard
he's killed people before.
Boss,
this painting's an antique.
You really want it down?
What antique?
It's just an inkjet-printed knockoff.
A painting this unlucky,
take it down.
So if the painting is fake,
then the Bai brothers' story
is fake too.
Here.
Easy now.
Slow, slow, slow.
Wait,
what... what is this?
This is the Bai family heirloom.
Real or fake,
only I know.
Take it to my office.
Boss.
Where is this?
With the money I had left,
I took over this farmhouse restaurant.
Yu Tianfang,
if you're willing,
you'll be the manager here from now on.
Boss Bai,
of course I'm willing!
You're the only one in this world
who truly appreciates my talent.
Don't worry.
I'll definitely work hard.
In the future,
I'll make this place
the best
farmhouse restaurant in the city.
Boss,
look,
right at this spot,
let's have Siqi
keep performing here.
Things are tough now,
but that doesn't mean they'll stay that way.
I believe
we'll definitely make a comeback.
Right.
Set up the drum kit here.
Siqi can keep performing here from now on.
Boss Bai,
don't worry.
Qiqi will definitely understand your good intentions.
Make way, make way.
Old Li,
you came too?
You still owe me 20 bucks from cards last time.
Be careful!
Don't go breaking my Qiqi's instruments.
Let me carry it.
You're so careless.
Boss.
Xiao Liu.
Look at that,
that kid's showing off again.
He's young,
but full of schemes.
A young man willing to do extra work,
that's a good thing.
Everyone has their flaws.
I did a fortune reading today.
That kid Yu Tianfang
is a born jinx.
Wherever he goes, trouble follows.
Even your huge resort
went bankrupt because of him.
And you're bringing him to the restaurant?
That's too unlucky.
You're talking nonsense now.
I don't believe in that stuff.
Think about it.
Didn't the resort's business
start going downhill after
he brought Xiaomao in?
Xiaomao hurt people over unrequited love.
That kind of cursed bond is dangerous.
Ordinary people can't handle it.
You're just blaming him by association.
I only hire on character and ability.
Besides,
those who did evil
have already been punished.
The past
is not to be brought up again.
Yu Tianfang
took bribes behind your back at the resort
and hit on your daughter.
Boss,
he's stabbing you in the back!
Started up a new business so quickly?
Boss Bai, you're really something.
Show some respect.
I told you to keep it private before,
but now everyone knows you're my daughter.
If you keep acting like this,
what will people think of us?
I didn't come here to
play a loving mother-daughter act.
I kept trying to mortgage the resort,
but you wouldn't agree.
Now look,
we've lost everything.
I hear
you got my real dad's inheritance.
Hand it over now,
and we'll be even from then on.
Wang Kechen's will
states I manage the inheritance.
Once you're mature and responsible,
I'll naturally give it to you.
You really think
I'm just after that inheritance?
I want revenge on you.
You kept me from knowing my real father.
And he missed me too!
Right.
Read the contract carefully.
The one we revised last time,
the payment terms,
go over it one more time.
How did my kite fall in the water?
Hey, kid!
Kid!
You can't climb over the railing!
That's so dangerous!
My kite fell in the water, mister.
Don't worry, I'll fish it out for you.
Let me use this.
Easy now.
Thanks.
Got it.
There.
Look,
it's covered in weeds.
Shorten the kite string a bit.
Thank you, mister.
Don't run too fast!
One, two.
Stay safe!
Don't climb the railing if it falls in!
I didn't expect
you to be so kind, mister.
You know,
I once had a cute, pretty daughter too.
Unfortunately,
I split up with her mother later on.
I've never seen my daughter since.
She should be
about your age now.
So,
do you miss your daughter?
If there's another life,
I'll be a good father for sure.
I'll be there as she grows up.
When I was little,
every year on my birthday,
my wish was to see my dad.
But in the end,
he never came.
You have to believe
your father loves you, no matter what.
He really does.
Mister, I gotta get to work. See you.
I raised you for over twenty years.
Am I really worth less than
that deadbeat dad who never cared for you?
Do you have any conscience at all?
Is that inheritance
worth more than our mother-daughter bond?
You still don't realize you're wrong.
You just want to seize the inheritance.
You'd even steal from your own daughter.
And you call yourself a mother?
Qiqi.
Sit down, let's talk.
What's mine is mine.
Nobody can take it from me.
Wait for the court summons.
Qiqi!
Qiqi.
We're all family.
Come on, stop this.
Yu Tianfang, who do you think you are?
Stay out of our family business.
Qiqi.
Call me Qiqi again and I'll smack you.
Hey beautiful, need a ride?
Twenty bucks.
No. Get lost.
Hard to catch a cab this time of night.
You won't get another chance like this.
Where you going? I'll take you.
I've got my own car.
If you really want to suck up to me,
wait till you can afford a Hermes belt.
Then we'll talk.
Whoa, watch out!
Look out!
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
Honey! Honey! Honey!
Call an ambulance, quick!
Call an ambulance!
Honey, hang in there!
Hello?
Hello! Help!
Help!
Help me!
Hello?
Chufeng,
someone just tried to run Siqi over.
The car took off.
Get here quick!
Honey!
Look at this.
The restaurant hasn't even opened,
and trouble's already here.
Jinx! He's a jinx!
Honey!